Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-aggregate.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::aggregate()
================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Execute an aggregation framework pipeline operation on a collection using `MongoDB\Collection::aggregate()` with various customizable options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Execute an aggregation framework pipeline operation on a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library with various customizable options.
```
